questions for King James Bible critics
since you're smart enough to find
mistakes in the King James why don't you
correct them all and give us a perfect
Bible do you have a perfect Bible since
you do believe the Bible is our final
authority in all matters of faith and
practice could you please show us where
Jesus Peter James Paul or John ever
practiced your terminology of well the
Greek text says the Hebrew text says oh
the originals say a better rendering
would be older manuscripts read etc
since you do not profess to have a
perfect Bible why do you refer to it as
God's Word remembering that the Holy
Spirit is the greatest teacher who
taught you that the King James Bible was
not infallible the Holy Spirit or man
since you do believe in the degeneration
of man and in the degeneration of the
world system in general why is it that
you believe education has somehow
developed and that men are more
qualified to translate God's Word today
than in 1611 you of course know the fact
that there is one true God yet many
false gods there is one true church
consisting of true born-again believers
in Christ yet there are many false
churches so why'd it be wrong to teach
that there is one true Bible yet many
false Bibles isn't it true that you
believe got inspired as holy words in
the originals but has since lost him
since no one has a perfect Bible today
isn't it true that when you use the term
the Greek text you are being the
deceitful and lying since there are many
Greek texts plural rather than just one
before the first perversion was
published in 1881 the revised version
the King James was published preached
and taught throughout the world god
bless these efforts and hundreds of
millions were saved today with the many
new translations on the market very very
few are being saved the great revivals
are over who has gained the most from
the new versions God or Satan
you